Single-build handbook with relocated solutions (#30)
neuroinformatics-unit/course-animals-in-motion: book/index.qmd

| Version | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| [dev](https://animals-in-motion.neuroinformatics.dev/dev/) | development version, corresponding to the `main` branch |
| [v2025.10](https://animals-in-motion.neuroinformatics.dev/v2025.10/)^*^ | version taught as part of the [2025 SWC Systems Neurscience PhD Programme](https://www.sainsburywellcome.org/web/content/systems-neuroscience-phd-programme) |
| [v2025.08](https://animals-in-motion.neuroinformatics.dev/v2025.08/)^*^ | version used during the inaugural [2025 Open Software Week](https://neuroinformatics.dev/open-software-summer-school/2025/index.html). |

> ^*^*A companion `-answers` build is also available for these versions, e.g. `v2025.10-answers`. These are historical archives: later versions include solutions in the main build, at the end of each chapter.*

Reviewer: Drops mention of "historical archives" as we will have more historical archives without answers build with each version update. Also adds example URL to clarify how to get to the v2025.10-answers build
```suggestion
^*^*A companion `-answers` build, containing solutions to exercises, is also available for these versions, e.g. [v2025.10-answers](https://animals-in-motion.neuroinformatics.dev/v2025.10-answers/). Solutions are now included at the end of each chapter instead.*
```
